The movie knives out starts When a wealthy crime novelist is found dead in his mansion
the police was going to close the case as a regular suicide case nothing special in it
but the famouse private investigator Benoit Blanc told them to not close the case for now
because he was anonymously hired to investigate
which means that the death might be caused by murder and not suicide

actually i am not into this type of movies
i am more in action movies that include guns and cars

so what i found speacial in knives out
there is a thing i hate so much in movies people call it the power of friendship
when the writer makes the main character wins out of no where whithout a resone
just because the main character had a pain in his childhod or whatever so we well let him win
like i belive this movies doesn't respect our minds
while in knives out the main character won becuase she have a good heart
see the contradiction in what i am saying
the thing is the writer didn't make the character wins when she got in to trouble like that
no the character from the beginig of the film didnt make any thing wrong 
and when she thought that she made something wrong she wanted to call the ambulance immediatly and to confess
the victim stopped her and told her to lie and she tried for a short while to do so
but her personality and the good heart she have got prevented from doing the wrong thing
and she did the right thing when she was certain that the write thing would make her go to prison
and Her immigrant family will be deported
in every step she followed her heart
but the world as we know it doesn't reawrd people for having a good heart
and here where the dective plays a very important role in the movie
the genius detective connected the dots and saw the big picture
vioala the case was solved
the thing is the detective represents the power that without it the main character would just lose
so the writer didnt make the main character just win because of just having a good heart and being very good at her job
but also because there was a kind of power and authority and Intelligence represented by the detective
to help the good heart to win
and i think that a good representation of how the world really work
not always the eivl character wins
and not to make the good character win out of no where just because the power of frienship
yes Survival of the fittest
and yes the Law of the jungle applies
but it doesnt mean that you have to step on others and to destroy the weak so ypu can rise
you can be good and win
it is about acting good and making the right decisions but With support of having power to apply those good thing
thats how you can really win in this world


full of twists you won't see it coming



The movie Knives Out starts when a wealthy crime novelist is found dead in his mansion.
The police are about to close the case as a regular suicide,
but the famous private investigator Benoit Blanc tells them to keep it open because he was anonymously hired to investigate.
This suggests the death might actually be a murder.

To be honest, I’m not usually into these types of movies;
I’m more into action movies with guns and cars.
But what I found special about Knives Out is how it handles the "hero" winning.

I hate it when movies use "the power of friendship" or let a character win out of nowhere
just because they had a sad childhood. or whatever the tragedy he charcter has been through
I feel like those movies don't respect our intelligence.
In Knives Out, the main character wins because she has a good heart, but there’s a twist to that.

The writer doesn't just let her win by magic.
From the beginning, she tries to do the right thing.
Even when she thinks she’s made a mistake that could send her to prison and get her immigrant family deported,
she still wants to confess and call the ambulance.
Throughout the film, she follows her heart, even when it seems like the world won't reward her for it.

In the real world, having a good heart usually isn't enough to win. That’s where the detective plays a vital role. Benoit Blanc represents the genius, authority, and power needed to connect the dots. The writer didn't make her win just because she was good; she won because her goodness was backed by the detective’s intelligence and power.

I think that is a great representation of how the world actually works. The "Law of the Jungle" doesn't always mean you have to be evil or step on others to rise. You can be a good person and still win, as long as you make the right decisions and have the right support to back you up.

It’s a movie full of twists you won't see coming!
